[New feature] Migrate old caggs to new form (#1520)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/continuous-aggregates/migrate.md

---
title: Migrate a continuous aggregate to the new form
excerpt: Migrate old continuous aggregates to the new form introduced in TimescaleDB 2.7
keywords: [continuous aggregates]
---

# Migrate a continuous aggregate to the new form

In TimescaleDB 2.7 and above, continuous aggregates use a new format that
improves performance and makes them compatible with more SQL queries. Continuous
aggregates created in older versions of TimescaleDB, or created in a new version
with the option `timescaledb.finalized` set to `false`, use the old format.

To migrate a continuous aggregate from the old format to the new format, you can

> use the provided procedure. Connect to your database and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use this command. Connect to your database and run:
```

It's not really a procedure?

Reviewer 2: Yes, it is a procedure. Maybe we can write `use the provided Postgres procedure.` WDYT?

Reviewer: Ah, I see what you mean. A procedure in the Postgres sense, not the documentation sense 😅 

```suggestion
use this procedure. Connect to your database and run:
```

---
title: Migrate a continuous aggregate to the new form
excerpt: Migrate old continuous aggregates to the new form introduced in TimescaleDB 2.7
keywords: [continuous aggregates]
---

# Migrate a continuous aggregate to the new form

In TimescaleDB 2.7 and above, continuous aggregates use a new format that
improves performance and makes them compatible with more SQL queries. Continuous
aggregates created in older versions of TimescaleDB, or created in a new version
with the option `timescaledb.finalized` set to `false`, use the old format.

> To migrate a continuous aggregate from the old format to the new format, you can
> use this procedure. It automatically copies over your data and policies.

Author: ```suggestion
To migrate a continuous aggregate from the old format to the new format, you can
use this procedure. It automatically copies over your data and policies. You can
continue to use the continuous aggregate while the migration is happening.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: We could add here that the procedure is transparent and users can continue to use the continuous aggregate during the migration.

> use this procedure. It automatically copies over your data and and policies.

Author: ```suggestion
use this procedure. It automatically copies over your data and policies.
```

---
title: Migrate a continuous aggregate to the new form
excerpt: Migrate old continuous aggregates to the new form introduced in TimescaleDB 2.7
keywords: [continuous aggregates]
---

import CaggMigratePermissions from 'versionContent/_partials/_caggs-migrate-permissions.mdx';

# Migrate a continuous aggregate to the new form

In TimescaleDB 2.7 and above, continuous aggregates use a new format that
improves performance and makes them compatible with more SQL queries. Continuous
aggregates created in older versions of TimescaleDB, or created in a new version
with the option `timescaledb.finalized` set to `false`, use the old format.

To migrate a continuous aggregate from the old format to the new format, you can
use this procedure. It automatically copies over your data and policies. You can
continue to use the continuous aggregate while the migration is happening.

Connect to your database and run:

```sql
CALL cagg_migrate('<CONTINUOUS_AGGREGATE_NAME>');
```

## Configure continuous aggregate migration

The migration procedure provides two boolean configuration parameters,

> `_override` and `_drop_old`. By default, the name of your new continuous
> aggregate is the name of your old continuous aggregate, with the suffix `_new`.
> 
> Set `_override` to true to rename your new continuous aggregate with the
> original name. The old continuous aggregate is renamed with the suffix `_old`.
> 
> To both rename and drop the old continuous aggregate entirely, set both
> parameters to true. Note that `_drop_old` must be used together with
> `_override`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`override` and `drop_old`. By default, the name of your new continuous
aggregate is the name of your old continuous aggregate, with the suffix `_new`.

Set `override` to true to rename your new continuous aggregate with the
original name. The old continuous aggregate is renamed with the suffix `_old`.

To both rename and drop the old continuous aggregate entirely, set both
parameters to true. Note that `drop_old` must be used together with
`override`.
```

with the option `timescaledb.finalized` set to `false`, use the old format.

To migrate a continuous aggregate from the old format to the new format, you can
use this procedure. It automatically copies over your data and and policies.

Connect to your database and run:

```sql
CALL cagg_migrate('<CONTINUOUS_AGGREGATE_NAME>');
```

## Configure continuous aggregate migration

> The migration procedure provides two boolean configuration parameters,

Reviewer: I think Boolean needs initcaps?

Author: Not for the abstract data type, according to Google:

> In most contexts, you're talking about a specific data type in a specific programming language, in which case use code font and the exact spelling and capitalization of the programming keyword. But when referring to the abstract data type, use lowercase. (In the unlikely event that you refer to Boolean mathematics or Boolean logic, use uppercase.)

Reviewer: Who knew?! 🤷‍♀️
